(lively and relaxing music)
(lively, guitar music)
- Today we're going to see Vancouver from the water
on a sunset dinner cruise, come on.
(lively, guitar music)
Oh pretty, thank you very much, this looks great.
(acoustic guitar music)
Wow, this is so romantic.
Lots of little details on the windows and live music.
You can't beat that.
(live acoustic guitar music)
♫Baby that's why♫
^Check it out, it's the Lions Gate Bridge.
(live acoustic guitar music)
And the floating homes are so cute.
You can actually only see them from the water.
(live acoustic guitar music)
^- [Male] It's live there for awhile.
- Salmon, yum, I would love a piece.
Thank you very much.
-[Male] Enjoy.
- That looks so good, bon appetit.
They have slow roasted sirloin beef
and fresh British Columbia salmon.
Time to dig in, looks so good.
Mmm, I love it.
What's great is they have an all you can eat buffet
and there's plenty to choose from for desert.
Don't mind if I do.
(live acoustic guitar music)
Stanley Park, let's go check out the wheelhouse
and meet the captain.
Hello.
- One of the most beautiful aspects of Vancouver
is from the water and you cannot see that on a street corner
and you cannot see that from a hotel room.
- I feel like a real captain, ahoy.
- Seeing Vancouver from the boat
was a totally different experience
and I can't wait to do it again.
- The music was great, the food was delicious,
and the views were spectacular.
Rain or shine, this was just such a magical way
to see Vancouver.